Adding data for player: Brad Marchand...
Adding data for player: David Pastrnak...
Adding data for player: Patrice Bergeron...
Adding data for player: Torey Krug...
Adding data for player: David Krejci...
Adding data for player: Charlie Coyle...
Adding data for player: Danton Heinen...
Adding data for player: Zdeno Chara...
Adding data for player: Jake Debrusk...
Adding data for player: Brandon Carlo...
Adding data for player: Matt Grzelcyk...
Adding data for player: Charlie McAvoy...
Adding data for player: Chris Wagner...
Adding data for player: Anders Bjork...
Adding data for player: Brett Ritchie...
Adding data for player: Sean Kuraly...
Adding data for player: Connor Clifton...
Adding data for player: Joakim Nordstrom...
Adding data for player: Zachary Senyshyn...
Adding data for player: Par Lindholm...
Adding data for player: David Backes...
Adding data for player: Peter Cehlarik...
Adding data for player: Paul Carey...
Adding data for player: Trent Frederic...
Adding data for player: Cameron Hughes...
Adding data for player: Steven Kampfer...
Adding data for player: Karson Kuhlman...
Adding data for player: Urho Vaakanainen...
Adding data for player: Jaroslav Halak...
Adding data for player: Tuukka Rask...
Adding data for player: Jack Eichel...
Adding data for player: Sam Reinhart...
Adding data for player: Victor Olofsson...
Adding data for player: Rasmus Dahlin...
Adding data for player: Jeff Skinner...
Adding data for player: Marcus Johansson...
Adding data for player: Rasmus Ristolainen...
Adding data for player: Casey Mittelstadt...
Adding data for player: Conor Sheary...
Adding data for player: Henri Jokiharju...
Adding data for player: Zemgus Girgensons...
Adding data for player: Jake McCabe...
Adding data for player: Kyle Okposo...
Adding data for player: Brandon Montour...
Adding data for player: Marco Scandella...
Adding data for player: Colin Miller...
Adding data for player: Johan Larsson...
Adding data for player: Vladimir Sobotka...
Adding data for player: Jimmy Vesey...
Adding data for player: Evan Rodrigues...
Adding data for player: Curtis Lazar...
Adding data for player: Zach Bogosian...
Adding data for player: Rasmus Asplund...
Adding data for player: John Gilmour...
Adding data for player: Tage Thompson...
Adding data for player: Carter Hutton...
Adding data for player: Linus Ullmark...
Adding data for player: Anthony Mantha...
Adding data for player: Tyler Bertuzzi...
Adding data for player: Dylan Larkin...
Adding data for player: Andreas Athanasiou...
Adding data for player: Filip Hronek...
Adding data for player: Valtteri Filppula...
Adding data for player: Robby Fabbri...
Adding data for player: Madison Bowey...
Adding data for player: Dennis Cholowski...
Adding data for player: Taro Hirose...
Adding data for player: Darren Helm...
Adding data for player: Luke Glendening...
Adding data for player: Jacob de La Rose...
Adding data for player: Mike Green...
Adding data for player: Patrik Nemeth...
Adding data for player: Danny DeKeyser...
Adding data for player: Justin Abdelkader...
Adding data for player: Joe Hicketts...
Adding data for player: Frans Nielsen...
Adding data for player: Brendan Perlini...
Adding data for player: Alex Biega...
Adding data for player: Trevor Daley...
Adding data for player: Christoffer Ehn...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Ericsson...
Adding data for player: Adam Erne...
Adding data for player: Dylan McIlrath...
Adding data for player: Givani Smith...
Adding data for player: Evgeny Svechnikov...
Adding data for player: Filip Zadina...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Bernier...
Adding data for player: Jimmy Howard...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Huberdeau...
Adding data for player: Aleksander Barkov...
Adding data for player: Evgenii Dadonov...
Adding data for player: Brett Connolly...
Adding data for player: Keith Yandle...
Adding data for player: Mike Hoffman...
Adding data for player: Aaron Ekblad...
Adding data for player: Vincent Trocheck...
Adding data for player: Frank Vatrano...
Adding data for player: MacKenzie Weegar...
Adding data for player: Denis Malgin...
Adding data for player: Brian Boyle...
Adding data for player: Anton Stralman...
Adding data for player: Noel Acciari...
Adding data for player: Colton Sceviour...
Adding data for player: Dryden Hunt...
Adding data for player: Josh Brown...
Adding data for player: Jayce Hawryluk...
Adding data for player: Dominic Toninato...
Adding data for player: Mark Pysyk...
Adding data for player: Mike Matheson...
Adding data for player: Henrik Borgström...
Adding data for player: Riley Stillman...
Adding data for player: Sergei Bobrovsky...
Adding data for player: Sam Montembeault...
Adding data for player: Tomas Tatar...
Adding data for player: Shea Weber...
Adding data for player: Brendan Gallagher...
Adding data for player: Phillip Danault...
Adding data for player: Max Domi...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Drouin...
Adding data for player: Joel Armia...
Adding data for player: Nick Suzuki...
Adding data for player: Jeff Petry...
Adding data for player: Artturi Lehkonen...
Adding data for player: Ben Chiarot...
Adding data for player: Nick Cousins...
Adding data for player: Nate Thompson...
Adding data for player: Victor Mete...
Adding data for player: Jordan Weal...
Adding data for player: Paul Byron...
Adding data for player: Jesperi Kotkaniemi...
Adding data for player: Mike Reilly...
Adding data for player: Brett Kulak...
Adding data for player: Cale Fleury...
Adding data for player: Christian Folin...
Adding data for player: Charles Hudon...
Adding data for player: Ryan Poehling...
Adding data for player: Keith Kinkaid...
Adding data for player: Carey Price...
Adding data for player: Jean-Gabriel Pageau...
Adding data for player: Anthony Duclair...
Adding data for player: Brady Tkachuk...
Adding data for player: Connor Brown...
Adding data for player: Thomas Chabot...
Adding data for player: Vladislav Namestnikov...
Adding data for player: Tyler Ennis...
Adding data for player: Chris Tierney...
Adding data for player: Mark Borowiecki...
Adding data for player: Nick Paul...
Adding data for player: Nikita Zaitsev...
Adding data for player: Filip Chlapik...
Adding data for player: Colin White...
Adding data for player: Logan Brown...
Adding data for player: Ron Hainsey...
Adding data for player: Bobby Ryan...
Adding data for player: Artem Anisimov...
Adding data for player: Scott Sabourin...
Adding data for player: Erik Brannstrom...
Adding data for player: Dylan DeMelo...
Adding data for player: Vitaly Abramov...
Adding data for player: J.C. Beaudin...
Adding data for player: Mikkel Boedker...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Davidsson...
Adding data for player: Drake Batherson...
Adding data for player: Cody Goloubef...
Adding data for player: Christian Jaros...
Adding data for player: Maxime Lajoie...
Adding data for player: Jordan Szwarz...
Adding data for player: Max Veronneau...
Adding data for player: Craig Anderson...
Adding data for player: Anders Nilsson...
Adding data for player: Nikita Kucherov...
Adding data for player: Steven Stamkos...
Adding data for player: Victor Hedman...
Adding data for player: Alex Killorn...
Adding data for player: Kevin Shattenkirk...
Adding data for player: Brayden Point...
Adding data for player: Anthony Cirelli...
Adding data for player: Yanni Gourde...
Adding data for player: Ondrej Palat...
Adding data for player: Mikhail Sergachev...
Adding data for player: Tyler Johnson...
Adding data for player: Pat Maroon...
Adding data for player: Cedric Paquette...
Adding data for player: Mathieu Joseph...
Adding data for player: Ryan McDonagh...
Adding data for player: Luke Witkowski...
Adding data for player: Jan Rutta...
Adding data for player: Erik Cernak...
Adding data for player: Braydon Coburn...
Adding data for player: Luke Schenn...
Adding data for player: Gemel Smith...
Adding data for player: Cory Conacher...
Adding data for player: Carter Verhaeghe...
Adding data for player: Alexander Volkov...
Adding data for player: Andrei Vasilevskiy...
Adding data for player: Curtis McElhinney...
Adding data for player: Auston Matthews...
Adding data for player: William Nylander...
Adding data for player: Mitch Marner...
Adding data for player: Morgan Rielly...
Adding data for player: John Tavares...
Adding data for player: Ilya Mikheyev...
Adding data for player: Kasperi Kapanen...
Adding data for player: Jake Muzzin...
Adding data for player: Andreas Johnsson...
Adding data for player: Tyson Barrie...
Adding data for player: Alexander Kerfoot...
Adding data for player: Jason Spezza...
Adding data for player: Justin Holl...
Adding data for player: Trevor Moore...
Adding data for player: Frederik Gauthier...
Adding data for player: Cody Ceci...
Adding data for player: Dmytro Timashov...
Adding data for player: Zach Hyman...
Adding data for player: Nick Shore...
Adding data for player: Travis Dermott...
Adding data for player: Pierre Engvall...
Adding data for player: Nic Petan...
Adding data for player: Rasmus Sandin...
Adding data for player: Kevin Gravel...
Adding data for player: Martin Marincin...
Adding data for player: Frederik Andersen...
Adding data for player: Michael Hutchinson...
Adding data for player: Kasimir Kaskisuo...
Adding data for player: Andrei Svechnikov...
Adding data for player: Teuvo Teravainen...
Adding data for player: Dougie Hamilton...
Adding data for player: Sebastian Aho...
Adding data for player: Martin Necas...
Adding data for player: Ryan Dzingel...
Adding data for player: Jaccob Slavin...
Adding data for player: Erik Haula...
Adding data for player: Nino Niederreiter...
Adding data for player: Brett Pesce...
Adding data for player: Warren Foegele...
Adding data for player: Lucas Wallmark...
Adding data for player: Joel Edmundson...
Adding data for player: Jordan Staal...
Adding data for player: Brock McGinn...
Adding data for player: Jake Gardiner...
Adding data for player: Haydn Fleury...
Adding data for player: Jordan Martinook...
Adding data for player: Trevor van Riemsdyk...
Adding data for player: Eetu Luostarinen...
Adding data for player: Julien Gauthier...
Adding data for player: Brian Gibbons...
Adding data for player: Petr Mrazek...
Adding data for player: James Reimer...
Adding data for player: Pierre-Luc Dubois...
Adding data for player: Zach Werenski...
Adding data for player: Cam Atkinson...
Adding data for player: Gustav Nyquist...
Adding data for player: Seth Jones...
Adding data for player: Oliver Bjorkstrand...
Adding data for player: Boone Jenner...
Adding data for player: Emil Bemstrom...
Adding data for player: Sonny Milano...
Adding data for player: Alexander Wennberg...
Adding data for player: Nick Foligno...
Adding data for player: Riley Nash...
Adding data for player: Alexandre Texier...
Adding data for player: Ryan Murray...
Adding data for player: Eric Robinson...
Adding data for player: Vladislav Gavrikov...
Adding data for player: David Savard...
Adding data for player: Markus Nutivaara...
Adding data for player: Josh Anderson...
Adding data for player: Dean Kukan...
Adding data for player: Jakob Lilja...
Adding data for player: Scott Harrington...
Adding data for player: Kole Sherwood...
Adding data for player: Joonas Korpisalo...
Adding data for player: Elvis Merzlikins...
Adding data for player: Taylor Hall...
Adding data for player: Kyle Palmieri...
Adding data for player: Nico Hischier...
Adding data for player: Blake Coleman...
Adding data for player: Jack Hughes...
Adding data for player: Wayne Simmonds...
Adding data for player: Sami Vatanen...
Adding data for player: Pavel Zacha...
Adding data for player: Nikita Gusev...
Adding data for player: Will Butcher...
Adding data for player: Jesper Bratt...
Adding data for player: Miles Wood...
Adding data for player: Travis Zajac...
Adding data for player: P.K. Subban...
Adding data for player: Damon Severson...
Adding data for player: Andy Greene...
Adding data for player: Matt Tennyson...
Adding data for player: Connor Carrick...
Adding data for player: John Hayden...
Adding data for player: Kevin Rooney...
Adding data for player: Jesper Boqvist...
Adding data for player: Mirco Mueller...
Adding data for player: Brett Seney...
Adding data for player: MacKenzie Blackwood...
Adding data for player: Louis Domingue...
Adding data for player: Cory Schneider...
Adding data for player: Artemi Panarin...
Adding data for player: Ryan Strome...
Adding data for player: Pavel Buchnevich...
Adding data for player: Anthony DeAngelo...
Adding data for player: Chris Kreider...
Adding data for player: Mika Zibanejad...
Adding data for player: Kaapo Kakko...
Adding data for player: Adam Fox...
Adding data for player: Jacob Trouba...
Adding data for player: Filip Chytil...
Adding data for player: Brendan Lemieux...
Adding data for player: Jesper Fast...
Adding data for player: Brady Skjei...
Adding data for player: Brett Howden...
Adding data for player: Ryan Lindgren...
Adding data for player: Brendan Smith...
Adding data for player: Libor Hajek...
Adding data for player: Greg McKegg...
Adding data for player: Marc Staal...
Adding data for player: Micheal Haley...
Adding data for player: Lias Andersson...
Adding data for player: Timothy Gettinger...
Adding data for player: Vladislav Namestnikov...
Adding data for player: Alexandar Georgiev...
Adding data for player: Henrik Lundqvist...
Adding data for player: Mathew Barzal...
Adding data for player: Brock Nelson...
Adding data for player: Anthony Beauvillier...
Adding data for player: Derick Brassard...
Adding data for player: Josh Bailey...
Adding data for player: Devon Toews...
Adding data for player: Anders Lee...
Adding data for player: Ryan Pulock...
Adding data for player: Nick Leddy...
Adding data for player: Casey Cizikas...
Adding data for player: Johnny Boychuk...
Adding data for player: Cal Clutterbuck...
Adding data for player: Adam Pelech...
Adding data for player: Scott Mayfield...
Adding data for player: Jordan Eberle...
Adding data for player: Matt Martin...
Adding data for player: Michael Dal Colle...
Adding data for player: Leo Komarov...
Adding data for player: Cole Bardreau...
Adding data for player: Noah Dobson...
Adding data for player: Ross Johnston...
Adding data for player: Otto Koivula...
Adding data for player: Tom Kuhnhackl...
Adding data for player: Oliver Wahlstrom...
Adding data for player: Thomas Greiss...
Adding data for player: Semyon Varlamov...
Adding data for player: Travis Konecny...
Adding data for player: Claude Giroux...
Adding data for player: Oskar Lindblom...
Adding data for player: Sean Couturier...
Adding data for player: Ivan Provorov...
Adding data for player: Jakub Voracek...
Adding data for player: Kevin Hayes...
Adding data for player: James van Riemsdyk...
Adding data for player: Matt Niskanen...
Adding data for player: Michael Raffl...
Adding data for player: Travis Sanheim...
Adding data for player: Philippe Myers...
Adding data for player: Joel Farabee...
Adding data for player: Shayne Gostisbehere...
Adding data for player: Morgan Frost...
Adding data for player: Tyler Pitlick...
Adding data for player: Justin Braun...
Adding data for player: Scott Laughton...
Adding data for player: Carsen Twarynski...
Adding data for player: Andy Andreoff...
Adding data for player: Robert Hagg...
Adding data for player: Chris Stewart...
Adding data for player: Mikhail Vorobyev...
Adding data for player: Connor Bunnaman...
Adding data for player: Samuel Morin...
Adding data for player: German Rubtsov...
Adding data for player: Brian Elliott...
Adding data for player: Carter Hart...
Adding data for player: Jake Guentzel...
Adding data for player: Sidney Crosby...
Adding data for player: Jared McCann...
Adding data for player: Evgeni Malkin...
Adding data for player: Bryan Rust...
Adding data for player: Dominik Kahun...
Adding data for player: Brandon Tanev...
Adding data for player: Kris Letang...
Adding data for player: Patric Hornqvist...
Adding data for player: Dominik Simon...
Adding data for player: Sam Lafferty...
Adding data for player: John Marino...
Adding data for player: Justin Schultz...
Adding data for player: Brian Dumoulin...
Adding data for player: Marcus Pettersson...
Adding data for player: Alex Galchenyuk...
Adding data for player: Zach Aston-Reese...
Adding data for player: Teddy Blueger...
Adding data for player: Jack Johnson...
Adding data for player: Joseph Blandisi...
Adding data for player: Adam Johnson...
Adding data for player: Nick Bjugstad...
Adding data for player: Juuso Riikola...
Adding data for player: Andrew Agozzino...
Adding data for player: Erik Gudbranson...
Adding data for player: Chad Ruhwedel...
Adding data for player: Zach Trotman...
Adding data for player: Matt Murray...
Adding data for player: Tristan Jarry...
Adding data for player: John Carlson...
Adding data for player: Alex Ovechkin...
Adding data for player: Evgeny Kuznetsov...
Adding data for player: Jakub Vrana...
Adding data for player: Tom Wilson...
Adding data for player: Nicklas Backstrom...
Adding data for player: T.J. Oshie...
Adding data for player: Lars Eller...
Adding data for player: Michal Kempny...
Adding data for player: Dmitry Orlov...
Adding data for player: Garnet Hathaway...
Adding data for player: Brendan Leipsic...
Adding data for player: Travis Boyd...
Adding data for player: Radko Gudas...
Adding data for player: Carl Hagelin...
Adding data for player: Chandler Stephenson...
Adding data for player: Nic Dowd...
Adding data for player: Jonas Siegenthaler...
Adding data for player: Nick Jensen...
Adding data for player: Richard Panik...
Adding data for player: Martin Fehervary...
Adding data for player: Tyler Lewington...
Adding data for player: Beck Malenstyn...
Adding data for player: Michael Sgarbossa...
Adding data for player: Braden Holtby...
Adding data for player: Ilya Samsonov...
Adding data for player: Patrick Kane...
Adding data for player: Alex DeBrincat...
Adding data for player: Dylan Strome...
Adding data for player: Brandon Saad...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Toews...
Adding data for player: Kirby Dach...
Adding data for player: Dominik Kubalík...
Adding data for player: Alexander Nylander...
Adding data for player: Andrew Shaw...
Adding data for player: Erik Gustafsson...
Adding data for player: Olli Maatta...
Adding data for player: David Kampf...
Adding data for player: Duncan Keith...
Adding data for player: Ryan Carpenter...
Adding data for player: Drake Caggiula...
Adding data for player: Brent Seabrook...
Adding data for player: Calvin de Haan...
Adding data for player: Slater Koekkoek...
Adding data for player: Zack Smith...
Adding data for player: Adam Boqvist...
Adding data for player: Connor Murphy...
Adding data for player: Dennis Gilbert...
Adding data for player: Brendan Perlini...
Adding data for player: Corey Crawford...
Adding data for player: Robin Lehner...
Adding data for player: Nathan MacKinnon...
Adding data for player: Cale Makar...
Adding data for player: Andre Burakovsky...
Adding data for player: Nazem Kadri...
Adding data for player: Joonas Donskoi...
Adding data for player: Mikko Rantanen...
Adding data for player: Matt Calvert...
Adding data for player: J.T. Compher...
Adding data for player: Matthew Nieto...
Adding data for player: Pierre-Edouard Bellemare...
Adding data for player: Tyson Jost...
Adding data for player: Samuel Girard...
Adding data for player: Ian Cole...
Adding data for player: Gabriel Landeskog...
Adding data for player: Ryan Graves...
Adding data for player: Erik Johnson...
Adding data for player: Vladislav Kamenev...
Adding data for player: Nikita Zadorov...
Adding data for player: Colin Wilson...
Adding data for player: Valeri Nichushkin...
Adding data for player: Mark Barberio...
Adding data for player: Kevin Connauton...
Adding data for player: Jayson Megna...
Adding data for player: Logan O'Connor...
Adding data for player: Conor Timmins...
Adding data for player: T.J. Tynan...
Adding data for player: Antoine Bibeau...
Adding data for player: Pavel Francouz...
Adding data for player: Philipp Grubauer...
Adding data for player: Adam Werner...
Adding data for player: Tyler Seguin...
Adding data for player: Miro Heiskanen...
Adding data for player: Jamie Benn...
Adding data for player: Roope Hintz...
Adding data for player: Radek Faksa...
Adding data for player: Alexander Radulov...
Adding data for player: Joe Pavelski...
Adding data for player: Corey Perry...
Adding data for player: Denis Gurianov...
Adding data for player: Mattias Janmark...
Adding data for player: Taylor Fedun...
Adding data for player: Jason Dickinson...
Adding data for player: Esa Lindell...
Adding data for player: John Klingberg...
Adding data for player: Justin Dowling...
Adding data for player: Jamie Oleksiak...
Adding data for player: Blake Comeau...
Adding data for player: Andrew Cogliano...
Adding data for player: Nicholas Caamano...
Adding data for player: Joel Hanley...
Adding data for player: Andrej Sekera...
Adding data for player: Joel L'Esperance...
Adding data for player: Roman Polak...
Adding data for player: Rhett Gardner...
Adding data for player: Anton Khudobin...
Adding data for player: Ben Bishop...
Adding data for player: Eric Staal...
Adding data for player: Jason Zucker...
Adding data for player: Ryan Suter...
Adding data for player: Zach Parise...
Adding data for player: Brad Hunt...
Adding data for player: Mats Zuccarello...
Adding data for player: Mikko Koivu...
Adding data for player: Jared Spurgeon...
Adding data for player: Kevin Fiala...
Adding data for player: Mathew Dumba...
Adding data for player: Luke Kunin...
Adding data for player: Jordan Greenway...
Adding data for player: Joel Eriksson Ek...
Adding data for player: Marcus Foligno...
Adding data for player: Jonas Brodin...
Adding data for player: Ryan Hartman...
Adding data for player: Victor Rask...
Adding data for player: Ryan Donato...
Adding data for player: Gerald Mayhew...
Adding data for player: Carson Soucy...
Adding data for player: Gabriel Dumont...
Adding data for player: Nick Seeler...
Adding data for player: Devan Dubnyk...
Adding data for player: Alex Stalock...
Adding data for player: Roman Josi...
Adding data for player: Ryan Ellis...
Adding data for player: Matt Duchene...
Adding data for player: Filip Forsberg...
Adding data for player: Calle Jarnkrok...
Adding data for player: Viktor Arvidsson...
Adding data for player: Ryan Johansen...
Adding data for player: Nick Bonino...
Adding data for player: Colton Sissons...
Adding data for player: Mattias Ekholm...
Adding data for player: Kyle Turris...
Adding data for player: Mikael Granlund...
Adding data for player: Rocco Grimaldi...
Adding data for player: Austin Watson...
Adding data for player: Craig Smith...
Adding data for player: Dante Fabbro...
Adding data for player: Dan Hamhuis...
Adding data for player: Miikka Salomaki...
Adding data for player: Matt Irwin...
Adding data for player: Mathieu Olivier...
Adding data for player: Daniel Carr...
Adding data for player: Anthony Richard...
Adding data for player: Steven Santini...
Adding data for player: Yakov Trenin...
Adding data for player: Yannick Weber...
Adding data for player: Pekka Rinne...
Adding data for player: Juuse Saros...
Adding data for player: David Perron...
Adding data for player: Brayden Schenn...
Adding data for player: Ryan O'Reilly...
Adding data for player: Alex Pietrangelo...
Adding data for player: Jaden Schwartz...
Adding data for player: Oskar Sundqvist...
Adding data for player: Vladimir Tarasenko...
Adding data for player: Colton Parayko...
Adding data for player: Sammy Blais...
Adding data for player: Robert Thomas...
Adding data for player: Tyler Bozak...
Adding data for player: Zach Sanford...
Adding data for player: Vince Dunn...
Adding data for player: Ivan Barbashev...
Adding data for player: Justin Faulk...
Adding data for player: Alex Steen...
Adding data for player: Mackenzie MacEachern...
Adding data for player: Carl Gunnarsson...
Adding data for player: Jay Bouwmeester...
Adding data for player: Robby Fabbri...
Adding data for player: Klim Kostin...
Adding data for player: Robert Bortuzzo...
Adding data for player: Jacob de La Rose...
Adding data for player: Jordan Binnington...
Adding data for player: Jake Allen...
Adding data for player: Mark Scheifele...
Adding data for player: Patrik Laine...
Adding data for player: Nikolaj Ehlers...
Adding data for player: Kyle Connor...
Adding data for player: Blake Wheeler...
Adding data for player: Josh Morrissey...
Adding data for player: Andrew Copp...
Adding data for player: Neal Pionk...
Adding data for player: Jack Roslovic...
Adding data for player: Mathieu Perreault...
Adding data for player: Tucker Poolman...
Adding data for player: Bryan Little...
Adding data for player: Ville Heinola...
Adding data for player: Adam Lowry...
Adding data for player: Dmitry Kulikov...
Adding data for player: Gabriel Bourque...
Adding data for player: Luca Sbisa...
Adding data for player: Nathan Beaulieu...
Adding data for player: Anthony Bitetto...
Adding data for player: Mason Appleton...
Adding data for player: Carl Dahlstrom...
Adding data for player: David Gustafsson...
Adding data for player: Mark Letestu...
Adding data for player: Joona Luoto...
Adding data for player: Sami Niku...
Adding data for player: Logan Shaw...
Adding data for player: C.J. Suess...
Adding data for player: Laurent Brossoit...
Adding data for player: Connor Hellebuyck...
Adding data for player: Jakob Silfverberg...
Adding data for player: Ryan Getzlaf...
Adding data for player: Rickard Rakell...
Adding data for player: Adam Henrique...
Adding data for player: Cam Fowler...
Adding data for player: Derek Grant...
Adding data for player: Nick Ritchie...
Adding data for player: Ondrej Kase...
Adding data for player: Sam Steel...
Adding data for player: Hampus Lindholm...
Adding data for player: Carter Rowney...
Adding data for player: Max Jones...
Adding data for player: Max Comtois...
Adding data for player: Troy Terry...
Adding data for player: Michael Del Zotto...
Adding data for player: Josh Mahura...
Adding data for player: Nicolas Deslauriers...
Adding data for player: Jacob Larsson...
Adding data for player: Brendan Guhle...
Adding data for player: Josh Manson...
Adding data for player: Devin Shore...
Adding data for player: Erik Gudbranson...
Adding data for player: Korbinian Holzer...
Adding data for player: Isac Lundestrom...
Adding data for player: Ryan Miller...
Adding data for player: John Gibson...
Adding data for player: Nick Schmaltz...
Adding data for player: Conor Garland...
Adding data for player: Clayton Keller...
Adding data for player: Phil Kessel...
Adding data for player: Alex Goligoski...
Adding data for player: Carl Soderberg...
Adding data for player: Christian Dvorak...
Adding data for player: Michael Grabner...
Adding data for player: Jakob Chychrun...
Adding data for player: Vinnie Hinostroza...
Adding data for player: Derek Stepan...
Adding data for player: Oliver Ekman-Larsson...
Adding data for player: Lawson Crouse...
Adding data for player: Jordan Oesterle...
Adding data for player: Christian Fischer...
Adding data for player: Barrett Hayton...
Adding data for player: Jason Demers...
Adding data for player: Brad Richardson...
Adding data for player: Kyle Capobianco...
Adding data for player: Niklas Hjalmarsson...
Adding data for player: Ilya Lyubushkin...
Adding data for player: Aaron Ness...
Adding data for player: Darcy Kuemper...
Adding data for player: Antti Raanta...
Adding data for player: Matthew Tkachuk...
Adding data for player: Johnny Gaudreau...
Adding data for player: Elias Lindholm...
Adding data for player: Sean Monahan...
Adding data for player: Mark Giordano...
Adding data for player: Derek Ryan...
Adding data for player: Andrew Mangiapane...
Adding data for player: Mikael Backlund...
Adding data for player: T.J. Brodie...
Adding data for player: Noah Hanifin...
Adding data for player: Rasmus Andersson...
Adding data for player: Sam Bennett...
Adding data for player: Travis Hamonic...
Adding data for player: Milan Lucic...
Adding data for player: Austin Czarnik...
Adding data for player: Michael Frolik...
Adding data for player: Michael Stone...
Adding data for player: Oliver Kylington...
Adding data for player: Alan Quine...
Adding data for player: Tobias Rieder...
Adding data for player: Brandon Davidson...
Adding data for player: Dillon Dube...
Adding data for player: Mark Jankowski...
Adding data for player: Zac Rinaldo...
Adding data for player: David Rittich...
Adding data for player: Cam Talbot...
Adding data for player: Leon Draisaitl...
Adding data for player: Connor McDavid...
Adding data for player: Zack Kassian...
Adding data for player: Oscar Klefbom...
Adding data for player: James Neal...
Adding data for player: Ryan Nugent-Hopkins...
Adding data for player: Darnell Nurse...
Adding data for player: Ethan Bear...
Adding data for player: Alex Chiasson...
Adding data for player: Gaetan Haas...
Adding data for player: Matt Benning...
Adding data for player: Jujhar Khaira...
Adding data for player: Markus Granlund...
Adding data for player: Sam Gagner...
Adding data for player: Kris Russell...
Adding data for player: Patrick Russell...
Adding data for player: Joakim Nygard...
Adding data for player: Tomas Jurco...
Adding data for player: Joel Persson...
Adding data for player: Colby Cave...
Adding data for player: Brandon Manning...
Adding data for player: Riley Sheahan...
Adding data for player: Josh Archibald...
Adding data for player: Caleb Jones...
Adding data for player: Adam Larsson...
Adding data for player: Mike Smith...
Adding data for player: Mikko Koskinen...
Adding data for player: Anze Kopitar...
Adding data for player: Drew Doughty...
Adding data for player: Tyler Toffoli...
Adding data for player: Jeff Carter...
Adding data for player: Dustin Brown...
Adding data for player: Alex Iafallo...
Adding data for player: Sean Walker...
Adding data for player: Ilya Kovalchuk...
Adding data for player: Michael Amadio...
Adding data for player: Adrian Kempe...
Adding data for player: Blake Lizotte...
Adding data for player: Kyle Clifford...
Adding data for player: Matt Roy...
Adding data for player: Alec Martinez...
Adding data for player: Austin Wagner...
Adding data for player: Ben Hutton...
Adding data for player: Carl Grundstrom...
Adding data for player: Nikolai Prokhorkin...
Adding data for player: Trevor Lewis...
Adding data for player: Kurtis MacDermid...
Adding data for player: Matt Luff...
Adding data for player: Joakim Ryan...
Adding data for player: Tobias Bjornfot...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Quick...
Adding data for player: Jack Campbell...
Adding data for player: Logan Couture...
Adding data for player: Tomas Hertl...
Adding data for player: Brent Burns...
Adding data for player: Evander Kane...
Adding data for player: Erik Karlsson...
Adding data for player: Timo Meier...
Adding data for player: Kevin Labanc...
Adding data for player: Barclay Goodrow...
Adding data for player: Patrick Marleau...
Adding data for player: Marcus Sorensen...
Adding data for player: Joe Thornton...
Adding data for player: Marc-Edouard Vlasic...
Adding data for player: Dylan Gambrell...
Adding data for player: Radim Simek...
Adding data for player: Brenden Dillon...
Adding data for player: Mario Ferraro...
Adding data for player: Melker Karlsson...
Adding data for player: Lean Bergmann...
Adding data for player: Jonny Brodzinski...
Adding data for player: Tim Heed...
Adding data for player: Antti Suomela...
Adding data for player: Trevor Carrick...
Adding data for player: Noah Gregor...
Adding data for player: Jacob Middleton...
Adding data for player: Dalton Prout...
Adding data for player: Lukas Radil...
Adding data for player: Danil Yurtaykin...
Adding data for player: Aaron Dell...
Adding data for player: Martin Jones...
Adding data for player: Elias Pettersson...
Adding data for player: Brock Boeser...
Adding data for player: J.T. Miller...
Adding data for player: Bo Horvat...
Adding data for player: Quinn Hughes...
Adding data for player: Alexander Edler...
Adding data for player: Tanner Pearson...
Adding data for player: Josh Leivo...
Adding data for player: Jake Virtanen...
Adding data for player: Brandon Sutter...
Adding data for player: Adam Gaudette...
Adding data for player: Troy Stecher...
Adding data for player: Micheal Ferland...
Adding data for player: Tim Schaller...
Adding data for player: Chris Tanev...
Adding data for player: Tyler Myers...
Adding data for player: Jay Beagle...
Adding data for player: Jordie Benn...
Adding data for player: Sven Baertschi...
Adding data for player: Tyler Graovac...
Adding data for player: Tyler Motte...
Adding data for player: Loui Eriksson...
Adding data for player: Zack MacEwen...
Adding data for player: Ashton Sautner...
Adding data for player: Thatcher Demko...
Adding data for player: Jacob Markstrom...
Adding data for player: William Karlsson...
Adding data for player: Max Pacioretty...
Adding data for player: Mark Stone...
Adding data for player: Reilly Smith...
Adding data for player: Jonathan Marchessault...
Adding data for player: Shea Theodore...
Adding data for player: Paul Stastny...
Adding data for player: Cody Glass...
Adding data for player: Nate Schmidt...
Adding data for player: Cody Eakin...
Adding data for player: William Carrier...
Adding data for player: Tomas Nosek...
Adding data for player: Nick Holden...
Adding data for player: Brayden McNabb...
Adding data for player: Ryan Reaves...
Adding data for player: Nicolas Roy...
Adding data for player: Nicolas Hague...
Adding data for player: Alex Tuch...
Adding data for player: Deryk Engelland...
Adding data for player: Jonathon Merrill...
Adding data for player: Valentin Zykov...
Adding data for player: Brandon Pirri...
Adding data for player: Jake Bischoff...
Adding data for player: Oscar Dansk...
Adding data for player: Marc-Andre Fleury...
Adding data for player: Garret Sparks...
Adding data for player: Malcolm Subban...
Time taken: 463.0078538689995
Records created:  2821
